63234: Doc new Advanced Plugin Installation option (#657)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/plugins.rst

Click |ui-options| and :guilabel:`Install` for the desired plugin. Set
:guilabel:`DHCP` to automatically configure IP settings, or manually
enter an IPv4 or IPv6 address. Click
:guilabel:`ADVANCED PLUGIN INSTALLATION` to see all options for the

> plugin jail. These are described in :ref:`Advanced Jail Creation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugin jail. The options are described in :ref:`Advanced Jail Creation`.

```

Click |ui-options| and :guilabel:`Install` for the desired plugin. Set
:guilabel:`DHCP` to automatically configure IP settings, or manually
enter an IPv4 or IPv6 address. Click

> :guilabel:`ADVANCED PLUGIN INSTALLATION` to see all options for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`ADVANCED PLUGIN INSTALLATION` to show all options for the
```
